revised README (#16)
Unity-Technologies/DOTS-training-samples: deprecated.md

## Deprecated Samples

> The following samples have proven to be poor exercises, but we list them here for completeness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following samples have proven to be poor exercises because they are too simple, too complicated, or too confusing. We list them here for completeness.
```
